[WIP] - v3 of source plugin (#45)
Kentico/gatsby-source-kentico-cloud: README.md

[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/e247b74d31eaa41c3bda/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Kentico/gatsby-source-kentico-cloud/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/e247b74d31eaa41c3bda/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Kentico/gatsby-source-kentico-cloud/test_coverage)

This repo contains a [Gatsby v2 source plugin](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/recipes/#sourcing-data) that retrieves data from the [Kentico Cloud](https://kenticocloud.com) Delivery API.

# WARNING
This is this is the readme for v3 beta development. It works well according to our tests, but the API may change.

For version 2.3.0 use [this snapshot](https://github.com/Kentico/gatsby-source-kentico-cloud/tree/f87156b08779d968b89801878ec5edd69f177047).

## How to run the code

You can use the plugin in any of the following ways:

### Install to you existing Gatsby project 
1. Install the [gatsby-source-kentico-cloud](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gatsby-source-kentico-cloud) NPM package,
```
npm install --save gatsby-source-kentico-cloud
```
2. Configure the plugin in `gatsby-config.js` file

> The source plugin uses the [Kentico Cloud SDK](https://github.com/Kentico/kentico-cloud-js/tree/master/packages/delivery#kentico-cloud-delivery-sdk) in the background. You can put the [configuration object](https://github.com/Kentico/kentico-cloud-js/blob/master/packages/delivery/DOCS.md#client-configuration) of the JS SDK into the `deliveryClientConfig` property of the [gatsby-config.js](https://github.com/Kentico/gatsby-starter-kentico-cloud/blob/master/gatsby-config.js) file. There is also `languageCodenames` property that describes the [what languages a configured for the project](https://developer.kenticocloud.com/docs/localization#section-project-languages) - the first one is considered as the **default one**. 

Author: ```suggestion
> The source plugin uses the [Kentico Cloud SDK](https://github.com/Kentico/kentico-cloud-js/tree/master/packages/delivery#kentico-cloud-delivery-sdk) in the background.

Configuration object([example](https://github.com/Kentico/gatsby-starter-kentico-cloud/blob/master/gatsby-config.js))

   * `deliveryClientConfig`* - [Kentico Cloud client configuration object](https://github.com/Kentico/kentico-cloud-js/blob/master/packages/delivery/DOCS.md#client-configuration) of the JS SDK.
  * `languageCodenames`* - array of language codenames that defines [what languages a configured for the project](https://developer.kenticocloud.com/docs/localization#section-project-languages) - the first one is considered as the **default one**.

\* required property
```

> The source plugin uses the [Kentico Cloud SDK](https://github.com/Kentico/kentico-cloud-js/tree/master/packages/delivery#kentico-cloud-delivery-sdk) in the background. You can put the [configuration object](https://github.com/Kentico/kentico-cloud-js/blob/master/packages/delivery/DOCS.md#client-configuration) of the JS SDK into the `deliveryClientConfig` property of the [gatsby-config.js](https://github.com/Kentico/gatsby-starter-kentico-cloud/blob/master/gatsby-config.js) file. There is also `languageCodenames` property that describes the [what languages a configured for the project](https://developer.kenticocloud.com/docs/localization#section-project-languages) - the first one is considered as the **default one**. 

Author: What do you think? 

```suggestion
> The source plugin uses the [Kentico Cloud SDK](https://github.com/Kentico/kentico-cloud-js/tree/master/packages/delivery#kentico-cloud-delivery-sdk) in the background.

Configuration object([example](https://github.com/Kentico/gatsby-starter-kentico-cloud/blob/master/gatsby-config.js))

   * `deliveryClientConfig`* - [Kentico Cloud client configuration object](https://github.com/Kentico/kentico-cloud-js/blob/master/packages/delivery/DOCS.md#client-configuration) of the JS SDK.
  * `languageCodenames`* - array of language codenames that defines [what languages a configured for the project](https://developer.kenticocloud.com/docs/localization#section-project-languages) - the first one is considered as the **default one**.

\* required property
```
